documentation for reservationGroups/getall (#439)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/README.md

This section describes all operations supported by the API, organised here by theme.

> ## Reservation groups

Reviewer: This should be added under ## Reservations, no need to create a new section :-). Just to be clear, the operations are grouped together into themes on this pages, it's not one section per operation or else there would be a hundred sections.

| <div style="width:200px">Operation or Endpoint</div> | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | [Get all reservation groups](reservationgroups.md#get-all-reservation-groups) | Returns all reservation groups filtered by ids and updatedUtc |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Get all reservation groups](reservationgroups.md#get-all-reservation-groups) | Returns all reservation groups, filtered by unique identifiers and other filters |
```
